I'm sharing one of the easiest ways to
build high quality back links for your
B2B
[Music]
company hey I'm Sam Dunning founder over
at breaking bb.com and if you want to
join thousands of Legends enjoying my
daily newsletter past podcast episodes
or to apply to work with us head over to
breaking bb.com
all right guys so this is how you can
easily build high quality back links for
your B2B company with just a small
amount of effort each and every day so
first and foremost what you want to do
is you want to make a list of potential
partner companies whether that's
software companies tools or Services
depending on whether your B2B service or
if you're B2B SAS or tech-based company
but they should go after the same idle
client profile they should be going
after the same ICP but they should not
be a competitor of yours so for example
at breaking B2B if I make a list of
potential partners that we can build
content and links together that could be
LinkedIn ads agencies that could be CRM
providers that could be website analytic
tools calendar scheduling booking tools
IP tracking software tools all of these
companies are probably going after B2B
Tech and service companies just like us
are breaking B2B they're not direct
competitors though because they're not
providing SEO or web design or podcast
services to B2B companies so first off
fire up a Google doc and make a list of
those potential partners that go after
the same ICP then one of the simplest
ways is you can either do a Google
search for those different types of
tools services or companies or you can
literally Ser it search it on LinkedIn
so I might search LinkedIn ads B2B
Agency on the LinkedIn Search tool I
then filter the search results over to
companies and I see my friend's company
impactable will B2B LinkedIn ads agency
I know Justin over there so for example
let's say I'm already connected with
Justin who's the founder but let's say I
wanted to reach out
to Jordan Let's Pretend Jordan was the
founder of the business I would send a
painfully short Outreach message
personalized connect to her on LinkedIn
so I wouldn't send tons of paragraphs
like most Outreach messages are I'd send
a painfully short one like hey
Jordan love what you
folks love what you folks are doing
impactable had and
and can't spell unusual
idea for content
to
scale
inbound against uh Cony and you'll
notice this message is painfully short
if you're watching the video version I
haven't worried about grammar too much
I've just put together a really short
message hey Jordan love what you folks
doing at impactable had an unusual idea
for content to scale inbound against a
convo or against the conversation opens
the Curiosity Gap hasn't told you
exactly what I'm offering is very short
just one clear sustin uh sentence and
that's what I'd send off so I'd do that
for each and every I'd find out maybe
two to five options for each sector so
in my case LinkedIn ads agency Sur
providers analytic tools make a list on
that Google doc of all those potential
Partners reach out to the founders you
might need to reach out to the marketing
directors whatever ICP is relevant
whatever Persona is relevant once you
connect with them one of the best things
to do so let's say connect with them on
LinkedIn you might want to send them a
personalized video that basically
explains what the plan is and the plan
is you want to create some kind of
content together so perhaps you guess on
each other's podcast perhaps you offer
them a guest post an article that's
going to be relevant to their target
audience give them some value perhaps
you create a video together maybe top
five ways to do a job to be done that
your customers care about doing or
fixing a problem that both your
customers want to fix and once you've
created that piece of content be an
article be a video be it something else
create an article on each other's site
so create a nice detailed long form
article you want to offer to create that
for them so it's minimal risk minimal
friction easiest ask for for them create
that best-in-class article that's
addressing a common question how to
guide for that ICP and then ask for a
back link so once you've constructed
that article together you can ask them
to give a link back to you and then
likewise if they're going to do one to
you you can get a link over to them but
the thing is this is not only good for
building quality links because you can
find well established Brands offer to
create that content for them but it
kicks off a relationship so if you're
building out
relationships with potential businesses
not only you're getting the SEO from
that link on that content but it can
also open doors for other opportunities
so let's say they have customers that
sometimes ask for your service or offer
you can say look can you intro these and
we're happy to send work your way or
we'll send you a kickback for any work
that you send our way a little
commission or referral fee so opens up
the door for future business and opens
up the door for future content so you
might start with a guest blog and that
might evolve into a video series
together then maybe a podcast together
then you start sending each work each
other's way they introduce you to more
partners and that opens a door for more
backlinks so it's a great free simple
pretty minimal resource heavy way to
build links build Partnerships and drive
website traffic and inbound
opportunities for the long term give it
a try see what you think and there you
have it I hope this partnership play has
given you some great ideas on how to
build quality links for your B2B company
with minimal time or resource and also
build up Partners to send you work drive
revenue and create content together as
always if you enjoyed the episode a
quick rating review or subscribe goes a
really long way and if you want to check
out our daily newsletter or apply to
work with us head over to breaking
bb.com and I shall catch you on the next
one
[Music]
cheers